feat: alerts: Doc'n improvements for a11y & UX content (#5085)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/alert/README.md

## Toast Alert [d2l-alert-toast]

> Use a toast alert to provide feedback about an operation the user has just initiated, when the result of that operation may not be apparent or obvious to the user. Toast alearts appear at the bottom of the viewport and disappear after 4 seconds, by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a toast alert to provide feedback about an operation the user has just initiated when the result of that operation may not be apparent or obvious to the user. Toast alerts appear at the bottom of the viewport and disappear after 4 seconds by default.
```
nit: I don't _think_ these commas are needed

### Best Practices
<!-- docs: start best practices -->
<!-- docs: start dos -->
* Use to convey results of a user's action when the result is not otherwise obvious
* Keep text brief — toasts should rarely spill onto more than one line at any screen size
* Use specific language — “Assignment saved” is more informative than “Successfully saved”
<!-- docs: end dos -->
<!-- docs: start donts -->
* If possible, avoid displaying multiple toasts — see [Multiple Toast Alerts](#multiple-toast-alerts)

> * Don't allow the close button to be blocked by other elements, users shouldn't have to wait for it to go away on its own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't allow the close button to be blocked by other elements; users shouldn't have to wait for the toast alert to go away on its own
```

> * Don’t use for instructions or critical information since they disappear and can be easily missed or ignored — use an [Inline Alert](#d2l-alert) instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don’t use for instructions or critical information since toast alerts disappear and can be easily missed or ignored — use an [Inline Alert](#d2l-alert) instead
```
